# Battery operation test completed

I finally ran the last test I wanted to do with the current version of the board: the battery operation test.
Since it was unclear to me from the documentation of the sensor breakout board whether it would operate normally below 3.3 V, I gave it a try.
I powered the board from the CR2032, which my multi-meter claimed to be 3.05V, and looked at the measurement results in the debugger.
Everything, seemed to work fine.
The next step will be to order a new batch of boards with the correct pin assignment for the radio chip.
I am really looking forward to seeing the full assembly work.

Background on the breakout board power confusion:
On the [Adafruit description page](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-si7021-temperature-plus-humidity-sensor) of the breakout board it claims to work from 3-5 volts input and both 3.3V and 5V logic.
However, I also had a look at the circuit diagram and the model of regulator chip ([Microchip MIC5225-3.3](http://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/MIC5225)) that has been used.
This chip is rated to output 3.3V with a dropout voltage of typically about 300mV at full load.
My confusion was mainly that I thought that below about 3.3V (actually rather 3.6V) it would not work.
This did not fit with the documentation and also did not reflect what I experienced powering the breakout board from a 3.3V source.
Now that I tried with a 3V source and had another read of the data sheet, I think the more accurate interpretation is that below 3.6V the regulator chip rated for 3.3V cannot provide the 3.3V anymore.
Even so, it does not go to zero straight away.
There is actually a nice graph in the data sheet showing the output voltage remains about 0.5V below the input voltage down to about 2.3V.
Only then it drops to zero.
Since the sensor chip works down to 1.9V, everything should work out just fine down to a battery voltage of about 2.4V.
